# Stock-Price-Prediction-Web-app
Machine learning model is created using  LSTM  for predicting  the Stock prices and web app is created using streamlit.

This project involves the creation of a machine learning model using LSTM (Long Short-Term Memory) for predicting stock prices. Additionally, a web application has been developed using Streamlit to provide an interactive interface for users.

## Usage

To run the Streamlit web app, you can use the following command in the command prompt:
"streamlit run Stock-Prediction.py"

The web app allows users to predict stock prices for four different companies by default. To search for the stock prices of a specific company of choice, you need to enter either the complete name or the ticker symbol of the company from Yahoo Finance.

## Data and Model Details

- The machine learning model has been trained exclusively on Google stock prices from 2019 to 2023. It's important to note that this limited dataset may lead to overfitting when predicting stock prices for other companies.

- To check Apple stock prices, you can use either "Apple Inc." or "AAPL." The app will download the stock data from 2019 to 2023 and provide price forecasts from 2023 to 2027 for Apple Inc.

## Disclaimer

Please be aware that stock price prediction models are subject to various market factors and uncertainties. The predictions generated by this model should be used for informational purposes only and not for making investment decisions.

For further details and to run the application, refer to the `Stock-Prediction.py` file in this repository.

---

**Note:** This README provides an overview of the project. For detailed information and code implementation, please refer to the `Stock-Prediction.py` file and other relevant project files.



